Implement de-incubatation of non-version-catalog parts of strongly-typed dependencies block (#32048)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

### Example promoted
-->

### Strongly-typed `dependencies` block API

> The strongly-typed `dependencies` block API introduced in Gradle 7.6 has been partially promoted to stable. Version catalog dependencies are still being considered for more changes,

Author: This is not the only class related to this. A plugin developer can make their own class like that one, using some of the other types. Should I link the userguide here instead?

but other parts of the API are now stable.

> This API can be used by plugins to provide an API similar to the top-level `dependencies` block in a build script. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API enables plugin authors to create custom DSL-like `dependencies` blocks, similar to the top-level `dependencies` block in a build script.

For implementation details and examples, refer to the [custom dependencies block documentation](userguide/implementing_gradle_plugins_binary.html#custom_dependencies_blocks).
```
